Вы знаете русский
What is this based off of anyway?
Blin tak ne smeshno je
А поновее ничего нет
🤣👍
Top
"finished all the three games  unable to understand this. is this a ref to something else that I'm not catching?"
"THINK  MARKED ONE!"
Think monolit.
ЗА МОНОЛИТ!
"So this video is like: Иди учи либо русский язык  либо английский  или ""на те в борщ!"""
Omniman should be the Monolith Stalker.
"""Говорят  если делать анимацию лиц  на которых есть маска  то это не Лень а Мастерство...""(С) Васян"
"Блин  так не смешно же!"
I only know of this through a Gmod map and out of curiosity what is it's origins
Translation: *candice*
"Kinda fits since he's called ""MARKED"" one"
Mark does present a very solid and compelling argument though.
Why have you  left us oh Monolith
0:27
Oh myyy
Dangerous psi emissions detected turn back now
"If you have subs on the Russia says 
“Berlin Technically”"
"""EVERYONE and EVERYTHING you know  will be Wooorrrm Fooood."""
"""Invincible memes soon fellow stalker!"""
"Is Google spying on me?
I get this recommendation as I'm playing SoC for the 4th time  offline!"
"Are you trying to say
Loner > Clear Sky?"
Do YOU really think i am the boss? Think! Stalker!
This meme is almost as cancerous and cringy as amogus
The subtitle is interesting. Es passt zumindest...
Oğlum sana acıyorum valla
А по-новее - ничего нет?
Блин так несмешно же
YOU THINK YOU CAN OUTRUN THAT HEAVY MACHINE GUN?
"Блин  так смешно же..."
I was expecting it all to be in Russian
Which program did you use to do this animation? Its just awesome!!!
"""What will you have in 500 years!?""
""You Comrade...I'd still have you."""
"I've finally started playing stalker  started at SOC. And now I think I just started at the middle of the book"
I love stalker memes whatever it is
"Думай стрелок  думай!"
"Think  marked one!"
hey can someone please tell me from what show it was taken?
"Русско говорящие которые не помнили о чём сказал Сталкер но помнил  что сказал боец чистого неба в конце . Английска говорящие которые помняли о чем говорил Сталкер .Вот такой КОЛАБ ЛОЛ"
Ну ты даешь  ))
"""You're fighting so you can watch everyone around you die."" hits deeper because he's from Clear Sky."
It would be more relatable if instead of Stalker there was Monolith
"DON'T PRE-ORDER  THINK STALKER  THINK"
Ржака
"Blin  tak ne smeshno zhe"
I just realized that were gonna play STALKER 2 for a few days after the release and then came back to Anomaly mod
cheeki breeki
"0:13
Look at his right hand."
то чувство когда услышали С.Т.А.Л.К.Е.Р. на английском
So Loner rants on wounded Clear Sky soldier... Hmm...
https://youtu.be/CGbQmoU4PBE remember this in stalker?
The ending was perfect
"Think   MARKed One   THINK"
"Think  Marked One Think!"
"CHEEKI STALKER  BREEKI"
"THINK MARK(ONE)!!!"
"Новый сериал  который можно посмотреть в Баре. ""Несмешной"""
At first I thought this was going to be the end of Meet the Demoman. The angle of the Brain Scorcher threw me off
should have done monolith oniman and strelok mark
"Stop understanding the zone. Think clearsky. If you understand the zone  it doesn't make any change. Because in the end the zone doesn't understand you."
"Yeah it's  not funny at all 
And by sounds i guess the выброс(don't know how it called on english)is coming"
CS response got me at the end
"думат  СТАЛКЕР  думат!"
You wanna die for this loot? Fine. What's 17 more hours? I can always start again. Get another rookie.
"Блин  так не смешно же!"
"-''БЭлин  так не смешно же!''"
"Didn’t you know that going to the center of the zone would destroy everything?
Think  strelok!"
blin
"Once a Clear Sky  always a Clear Sky"
I need that channel banner
"Блин  так не смшно же!"
Berlin technically
"When you get out of the cutscene:
“What’s up  bro?”"
It's not funny 😂😂😂😂😂
Why not monolith soldeir?
Awesome!
"*Не  ну ты лучше-бы про Штирлеца рассказал!*"
Это будет мем.
"""DO YOU REALLY THINK YOU CAN TAKE ON A PSEUDOGIANT WITH A MAKAROV?! THINK MONOLITH  THINK!"""
When wish granter gives you immortality.
This is great
"Think stalker think   when I tell u to come in dont stand there then u come in and not stand there 🔪"
"I'll still have you  OH MONOLITH"
Блін та не смішно ж
"""The unlimited F5 God"""
i was knot reel.
do it. i dont like earth.
Now you’ll be woooorm foooood
С каждым видосом все меньше и меньше есть желание заходить и смотреть этот кал видимо что то уже не цепляет
"did you really think you could stop me? THINK  monolith  i killed a whole outpost of military guys with a PISTOL  every map i went on was cleared of enemies!"
А колбасу и батоны нынче хреновыми стали делать.
"— На днях к Долгу заходил…
— Ну и? 
— Что и? И остался должен. Хэхэх А потом зашел к Свободе…
— Ну и?
— И стал СВОБОДЕН"
"Technically Germany nuked Russia.....and everyone is covering it up with the remastered Nuclear Powerplant in Chernobyl. Even though we know Russia has been through more than one nuke an survive the apcolypse more than once! The only reason clear sky can't do anything is because that same german dude who calls himself ""Red(German Version)""  always will launch that nuclear missile at you to make that horrendous vote:

Make Resident Evil Zombies! Blame the bear  panda  and raccoons! For making Umbrella Corps!"
Nikolai just killed vasyan
О наконец то
Chto eto bilo na English?
2 канал Николая
"Думай  Сталкер  ДУМАЙ!"
Эта как переводиться я же не знаю немецкое?
"What would you have after 500 years!?


Monolith..."
тхинк меченый тхинк
Ну ты выдал!
"YOU THINKED YOU COULD DESTROY THE ZONE
THINK DUTY THINK!"
Ох етить какие люди вернулись!
"Блин  так не смешно же!"
strelok :think Merc think!
XD
это было неплохо))
"Do you really think that pushing into the CNPP would have no repercussions at all? Think Nebo  think!!!"
кайф.
Nice video
А по новее ничего нет?
Можно было бы и на русском вить сталкер игра русская точней украинская
"Да нет  смешно"
"clear sky said Blin  tak ne smeshno zhe!   but the subtitles  said Berlin technically :D"
"DO YOU THINK YOU COULD LEAVE THE ZONE  THINK STALKER THINK."
"Годно  думаю такой диалог лучше был бы между Долгом и Свободой"
Можно перевод?
"I've been playing this game for so long  I have started to understand some of the Russian/Ukrainian language. ""Damn  it's not so funny!"". Upon scrolling down  I'm delighted to see that I'm not the only one lol."
"Ну не знаю  мне забавным показалось...
а по-новее ничего нет?"
О да
"""Shut the fuck up!"" - he replied"
"Нормально  меня фраза в конце убила"
Looks like an angry player asking Clear Sky why they do nothing but survive and watch everything die. haha!
Привет из рекомендаций .
The brain scorcher is on
я не понимаю(
"Stalker: damn it is not funny though.
Subtitles: Berlin technically."
Забавно)
I can relate to this on a spiritual level.
"Блин  так не смешно же."
@Vasyan how did you do the mask voice effect??
"«А где смеяться?» (с) — 

P.S: Oru v golosiny."
"I love how he just replies to all of this ""Damn  this isn't funny!"""
едуд два долгоцвка по зоне один зеленый другой старый ну один такой говорит тут давай ну эт самое зеленый не понял его старый ещер аз ну эт самое как его головастик вобще в ступоре стои т ну и разошлись
So cool
Plot twist: He’s only an illusion of the brain scorcher and the stalker is yelling at no one
Ну ты выдал
"WTF  я подписан  но видео нет в фиде  пришёл от рекомендации"
Реально не смешно
Quality content brat
Наконец-то ты убрал эту маслянистость на моделях. Неужто на Blender перешёл?
"No  for I shall have the power of the Holy Monolith."
Where is Boris?
Молодец)
"""Monolith fanatic trying to convert Duty soldier""
2012  colorised."
"can i ask if this is sfm? if not then what  cuz i wanna do something similiar"
"Do YOU really think you can contain the zone? THINK  Strelok!"
А поновее ничего нет?
Лучший видос!
">didn't apply the muffled voice effect  which the masked characters have in Stalker

Coped  Seethed  Dilated  Shat  Pissed  Cummed and Downvoted."
Гений
"Блин  так не смешно же!"
такими темпами можно спросить монолитовца лежащего в аномалии возле восточного тоннеля на кордоне какого дьявола он там делает?
Блин дак не смешьно же !!
Follow me on twitter now (good vid btw)
"What will you have in the end

Fool  I will have the power of the Monolith"
🕯
Poggers

